- Define ArgoCD and GitOps.

- The repo server is showing OOM
  - You can set the parallel limit to help reduce the numbber of helm/kustomize forks/exec
- If you are dealing with large numbers of repo and noticed storage errors.
  - Pay attention to storage backing /tmp in repo server.
- You can reduce caching period to less than default 24hr if you have low repo case.
- You notice that repo server exec/fork to generate manifest is running into the 90s timeout.
  - You can increase the timeout to see if thats the issue using env
- You are running large number of Application in argocd, what can you do to speed up the processing and syncing in application
  controller.
  - You can increase the value of status-processor and operations-processor
- You notice the application controoler is OOM.
  - Check the kubectl fork/exec which is used to apply to the live cluster and reduce the number in parallel.
- The application controller is complaining about not being able to generate manifest.
  - Check the repo server since it depends on this.
- You notice the controller is slow
  - Check if the controller is now pulling objects directly from the api server instead of cache.
- The application controller managing many clusters and is using too much memory.
  - This could be having to cache the k8s objects for all clusters, you can employ sharding by increasing the number of 
  controller replicas to match the number of cluster and set the ENV ARGOCD_CONTROLLER_REPLICAS
- You Argocd UI is having trouble connecting to the server.
  - Check the number of argo server replicas running. Make it preferably 3 or more.


